I guess you must be for through your
back again and today I got an unboxing
for you and it is a really exciting
unboxing and I am super pumped what it
is is this now you kids like detect
systems just kidding you know what this
is because you read the title is a video
it is the attack on Titan watch this is
my unboxing for it so wasting our time
let's go ahead and get into this so this
is box says the tech system on the front
Japanese letters on this part nothing
nothing nothing nothing alright so here
we go open it up take a lid off we get a
little instruction booklet you can see
can read any of this so yeah the
instruction booklet and this did come
from Japan this is my attack on Titan
watch and I actually have not seen
little or I don't even actually have any
actually receiving like any videos of
this on youtube so if there are well
people only one go with it but I haven't
seen that many so here's my unboxing and
I'm super pumped I literally just found
out that I got this in the mail so let's
remove the foam I'm gonna close to the
camera
boom yes ok so right here we have the
watch pull it out of the box put it
right here for now I won't waste too
much time hiding it from you so anything
under here nope it doesn't look like it
nothing
alright good now I got more time look at
this watch alright so here's the watch
it's got a leather belt you know watch
stuff and it's got this pretty sweet
attack on Titan logo in the middle sort
of a car it says attack methane here you
know I'll switch this to macro mode
alright so you can see remove this in
the light more
and whatever it says attack on tight end
and it's got the Civic or logo and it's
like gold but now touch the screen or
the front of it and it lights up LEDs so
how this works is so you press it the
lights do a little circle and these LEDs
around it's these LEDs that go around
the outside are the minutes and then the
one that like blinks I think it wins
yeah the one that blinks is though on
one that's the hours so if you press it
you can see it's six forty forty four so
yeah and I guess this is replacing the
Apple a video that I missed so yeah I'm
really excited for this watch cuz attack
on Titan is awesome if you haven't
watched the anime go watch it and we
haven't seen my video I did a game I did
a video of me playing the game for it
when they had the update update come up
you can watch that and you should go
play the game and watch the anime so
anywhere um
sack on Titan awesome anime you should
go watch it and get some merch so that
can be a season two
um there's also a design on the back of
this it says stainless steel back um
water resistant has the logo for the
company and it says three ATM I'm
guessing that is battery but yeah but
basically everything band has the
company in it and um yeah that's
everything yeah anyway guys thanks for
watching
that's everything and see you in my next
video
you